right well let's go back to our top
story now we live to Beijing well Asia
correspondent John Bailey is standing by
John what is the latest regarding the
missing Boeing triple7 hi morning what
we know at this stage is that there is
still no official confirmation as to
what happened to flight the image 370
that was bound for Beijing from Kuala
Lumpur so the flight was supposed to
arrive here in Beijing at six-thirty
local time which would have been at
about twelve-thirty at midnight things
in South Africa but then the the
Malaysian authorities made an
announcement that they've lost they've
lost track off of the flight as it
entered between Malaysia and Vietnam so
there's no confirmation yet as to what
has happened to the flight although the
latest news that we do have now it comes
from Vietnam way up ND and a naval
official shit that they have information
that the flight has gone down in the
South China Sea and so on both the
flight was 239 people including two
infants one from the US and gone from
China as well John do we know the there
was contact last recorded two hours
after the flight took off do we know the
nature of that last contact recorded
with air control was there any form of
descriptive distress call issued
at this rate it does seem that know that
the stress call was issued from the the
cockpit which makes it which makes it
quite weird for for for a lot of a lot
of experts here in Asia so what actually
happened also if you look at the the map
that was issued a weather map as to
where the last contact was there was no
stormy weather predicted all over all
along the route so there are many
questions at this site as to what
actually happened to to to the plane
they were rumors earlier that the plane
might have landed in a different Chinese
city but the Chinese authorities have
said that the plane did not into Chinese
airspace and in fact it got the lost
sight of it just close to as it entered
Vietnamese airspace well a key concern I
would imagine at this stage we're
hearing from Vietnam that they that they
saying that it's gone on down over the
South China Sea but whether it's gone
down over sea or land would naturally
dictate the type of operation that would
be launched you know recovery mission
assuming that the plane has gone down
well at the moment DV the the operations
that are going on is that Malaysia as
well as Vietnam and and China like all
dispatch ships to the to the South China
Sea because as I said earlier they this
is a strong indication at this stage
that the the plate might have have
crashed in the South China Sea so these
three nations have now dispatch day the
military vessels to to the area to try
and find comb the area to see what what
might have happened oo whither are they
they find any any debris and also at
this stage a lot of the distort family
members of those missing or on the
flight dos en Beijing they've been taken
to a nearby hospital where the
authorities are giving them some kind of
support and and they're supposed to be a
press briefing later this afternoon as
well jaanam we notes of Boeing triple7
do we know anything more about the
safety record of this particular
type of plane well I didn't hear the
question properly but you asked about
the the the the plane itself it was a
Boeing triple7 200 and and some some
experts have already said that even
though the the news from the Malaysian
Airlines is that the the plane was in
good working progress some have been
questioning the function of of the
Boeing triple sevens because they are
quite a few of them have been involved
in in accidents over the last few years
and as I said this was a Boeing triple7
200 so some are concerned that maybe the
the plane itself was not in a good
working condition well that's the latest
from our en-ca Asia correspondent John
Bailey just giving us an update on the
mysterious disappearance of that
Malaysia Airlines flight know more about
your world anca com